good friends I meet in a meeting
of beteró speaking only of ps with
the friend césar melián jose rodriguez
this davis h of the magician
the bond and mechel gonzález east
we are talking about seeing more than talking
all of breeding techniques around here the
friend 11 this yesterday in the video spoke to us
of the parameters that are bacteria that
they are bacteria that are made by boiling
water and then we put the lettuce in the sun
so that it dries, we put it in
water then they will come out is all these
microorganisms here is baby a greeting
to take the game
here they are there in the covers and
good they start to leave a micro
Hualhuas microbial and not and the
technique of the game be explain the here
more or less as is the thing of the of the
for me super that you do not see is very
difficult because it's a micrometer then
you notice the water when when it is
cloudy that is like this this technique more
or less as they put it to breeding for
what does it mean when to give or how many days
you put that to the pups to good my
brother looks at this one really the
production of for sencillita mentions
as explained
they eat for the first three months
days later for example here are some
little cubs of a few days four
four days days look here
there are many then using this
drip system truth we put that
one drop for how long you can
put one drop for each
or 30 drops per minute the drop by
every minute at the rate of one hour and the
They eat very well like half a liter because
in each drop they fit approximately in
300 average for 1300 parameters is a
micro and the offspring that initially
birth has a very small mouth and up
the art of me sometimes is big
then these parameters and they are left and
you're going to see them, you explained something to me
light as they put light so something if
really when it's not that they can
eat like a chick even aha why
because you can put a light
little light bulb exhibits and the
correct parameter the parameter if the
student because he has a photo of himself
positive low follows the light as the
artemia and the island spends in effect so
so much what is followed so they are
always eating from the mouth of the
Perfect hose is a terrific they
they will develop well and the
four days and we can win you fear
the three days to the three days that is
when it says a lot of people that can be
give food you go to the beta when
and it is just the yolk sac
something like that and good is jose expert in this
kind of food out there is has that
father of how I explained yesterday strains of
age since it feeds them with a
droplet of a little bit of yeast and
see how they are here this is started
like this the little ones and they are already
so I really never had achieved
I'm going to start putting this
in practice and the technique is to put it in
the dark put a light bulb so that
she climb and do not get lost and symphony
every so often to eliminate the
ammonium the ammonia true the ammonia and
good and then a trickle of yeast
dissolved in water so that all
these little animals are fed percent
the paramecia serves feed also to
the truth this runs feed the damage
until the same long I started
feed with the army as it is
too easy
you are looking for a distributor for example
Peter for saying something and notice how easy
what is this feeding the larvae
well and the weights to grow very fast
everything to small fish are going to give
small arms because it turns out I was
happened this had very large larvae and the
animal was stuck in the
Half mouth out with half inside
of the long and did not drown then
piles with this you can strain like
town this one I grab a colander and go
taking out the biggest ones in this way and
that happened to bakr greatness here and the
small ones are falling below and that
good way with colander is a little bit
finite so that the small ones pass
that advance a fact for the pups eye
this and this of the parameters that is
easy to reproduce no longer have to have
good to know when is when
they are in the water
I do not know if they will be noticed in micro movement
and good with that it feeds very
we raise a day servant of 12 days
of lives so that we do not have casualties
and remember the temperature changes of
Water
sometimes
for this date that is cold date of
December that the north winds of
the towns begin to move arrive at
the cities of the east center there
be very careful with the tails
grit and the young people a lot of people
says that the babies died and that
it's because maybe it's hitting the cold
intense and good they install it in it
white dot and they die all and not
know why he was here was why
next formoseño videos and we were going to see
if we continue with the visits and
learning more and more from those of the
better until later